welcoming it up is it okay if I call you
Anita mm-hmm certainly
and so when you so tell us a little bit
about so what do you want to talk about
today or how can we help you or are you
helping us or what's going on whatever
you'd like I mean you're welcome to ask
me anything you want a lot of people
tend to ask about my condition and
you're totally free to you if you'd like
I hear that you have particular
expertise with burnout um yeah also like
we can talk we can touch on a little bit
about like the pressure of being online
and you know receiving a lot of abuse
and kind of like prejudices against
people with disabilities if you like as
well because that's a very loud aspect
of my existence that's right if I have
to kind of try and ignore on a daily
basis yeah so I mean absolutely I mean
if there's some way that I can be
helpful with you about burnout and that
is sort of my I mean I guess I'm
developing a different professional
expertise nowadays but that was sort of
my traditional area of expertise so can
you tell us a little bit about can you
just tell us a little bit about yourself
and then we can talk about burnout or
sure I'm Suniya I've been a streamer for
about two years now and I went I went
viral pretty much as soon as I hit the
ground on twitch so I was completely
lost and I've been playing catch-up ever
since with a crazy amount of growth my
stream is mainly variety streaming
mostly just chatting and yeah I've been
working on you know a mental health
topic since I started really because
then I'm forgetting that yeah I mean I
kind of feel like the platform really
needs it this is this whole platform
feels like a symptom of loneliness like
people want company um so a lot of the
people who come here at people yeah a
symptom of loneliness I love that yeah
so so you're you're whistling mmm oh
that's a tick okay I can't help it and
and does your the the right eye blinking
that's a tick as well okay
so you're not just does it have any
amount of winking or it's just a tick
it's just a tick okay trouble a lot leap
because okay if I go to nightclubs where
I can't really explain myself right
easily across the room a lot of people
think I'm hitting on them when I'm
really really not yeah
so can you tell us a little bit about
ticks and what's up with that so I have
a condition called Tourette's syndrome
a lot of people get symptoms in that
early childhood but my family can
remember symptoms coming from about the
at least the age of one
I have involuntary movements and speech
so I'll quite often say things that are
inappropriate if that happens during the
stream I'm very sorry it's not a
reflection of what I'm thinking and
that's a common misconception about
Tourette's syndrome is that it's what
was secretly thinking I wish we could
say but if it's mostly worth salad you
don't know what's gonna get tossed up if
it's relevant to the situation at all
and sometimes it is it's usually because
I'm worried about saying it rather than
because it's actually what I'm thinking
or feeling because worrying about being
inappropriate quite often forces you to
be inappropriate as someone with
Tourette's but it can be very
unfortunate and dangerous in public but
luckily slightly less dangerous if you
you know have an internet-based job
where people get crossed with you they
can't do anything about it
and and so tell me do you have you
noticed that some things make your tics
better or worse oh yeah definitely I
think that's the case for a lot of
people with Tourette's syndrome making
music definitely definitely a lot of
people with even severe Tourette's
syndrome have consumed without tics or
perhaps play an instrument without
having any ticks at all and there are
lots of things a lot of people ask if I
tick during sex and I've this is a
question I ask a lot of people who also
have Tourette's syndrome across the
board if if the sex is good no
kiss focus and if you're enjoying
something and it requires a lot of focus
and you're very much engaged with what
you're doing
it definitely reduces the tics there's
lots of where there's lots of things
that do reduce the tics exercise things
like
I don't took as much around my personal
trainer um so he's quite shocked what he
sees videos of me yeah so yeah
definitely and there are things
exacerbate it too like high stress
situations high emotion feelings of
awkwardness my biggest trigger is
awkwardness
so I can't watch mr. bean quietly that's
for sure mr. bean is amazing yes so
stress and and what about burnout so I
have always I used to be a cafe Bicks
and my life was really still for a while
and I think that was the worst thing I
ever experienced honestly so I have
always been chasing things to do and I
can never say no and even before I start
streaming it was a bit of a problem
because I used to run a business I used
to care for my mom used to care for
rescue animals and I used to do rescue
volunteering and the four of them put
together sometimes I'd come home for an
hour and then go straight back out again
and I would do that for days on end and
you know and I would like fall asleep at
work and then I'd fall asleep in the car
on the way to rescue work and I would
just never stop and when I started doing
what's that I thought that is I don't
know I mean I definitely have an
aversion to sing still I definitely have
an aversion to to stopping for anything
and I'm not very good at its handing to
my needs so I quite often forget to make
myself food or get to sleep or take time
for me I feel guilty when I do those
things so I feel much better when I'm
getting on with stuff actually doing
something productive and worthwhile hmm
you feel guilty for attending to your
needs
yeah definitely like playing games or
just you know just taking a minute to
just sit in the garden whatever I feel
this like encroaching sense of dick
Christ encroaching sense of um like I'm
wasting my time there's things that need
to be done I'm letting everything slip
out of my hands and I've got to get back
to it now sort of thing how long have
you been feeling that way
I don't know I think he I think it
probably started when I stopped being
able to go outside back when I got too
scared to go outside and I was fully
agoraphobic I stayed away from everyone
didn't really speak to anyone for years
and during that time Easter look out the
window and see the Sun was rolling by
and know that this was a summers night
summer is yeah Saint years yes Wow Angie
I used to I used to feel terrible like I
was wasting the best time of my life and
do you so can you tell us a little bit
about when you became as you put it
fully agoraphobic I I went I I tried I
was up I was really young pestering my
mom to go let me go back to school
because I starting to feel a bit lonely
and I wanted to reach out to other kids
why weren't you in school uh we moved
around a lot and even when we were still
I wasn't I we all went we didn't always
have a home sometimes we were homeless
and things were just challenging my mom
needed looking after and so did our
rescue animals and so there wasn't
really much space for me to get a formal
a formal education but so I started to
get a bit lonely and I started to want
to go to school but then I did go to
school and even though I was doing well
academically right off the bat I wasn't
doing so well trying to integrate I had
these symptoms but no explanation for
them so I was coming across as a bit
weird and it's not always easy to fit in
when you're a bit weird and yeah some
some pretty some pretty bad stuff
happened so I kind of put you again
but the aggression didn't stop and you
know what do you mean the aggression so
my uh my my last day of school I was 13
and my 4 I think it was for six formers
I don't know how old they
the oldest kids our school basically
beat me until I was unconscious
oh [ __ ] wasn't much I could do about it
so I woke up in the in the in there I
woke up in the in the in the in the
health bit I forgot the name for it the
met first aid there we go first aid
place with their like on-site doctor
person and that's my last day I was like
I can't do this anymore I mean it's not
safe for me to learn here it's not gonna
stop so I left but I had a paper route
and the kids from that same school would
continue to ask me throw stones at me
had come home bleeding and they died my
house and that constantly ridiculed me
so there wasn't really anything I could
do to escape it it just followed me
everywhere and my world just shrank and
shrank I gave up my background I gave up
going outside and just even opening the
front door started to give me a bit of a
heart attack
so people didn't take my tics well
people didn't you know there was there
was a lot of stuff going on that just I
couldn't really change or contend with
right so but so I just withdrew wow that
sounds awful those just sounds honest it
kind of insane like I've never heard of
a 13 year old being beaten into
unconsciousness nor have I heard of
someone who like has a paper route who
gets like throw stones thrown at them I
mean it sounds like you were hunted yeah
well it's not always easy to explain
yourself if you don't have a diagnosis
I used to wonder myself I'd do all these
inappropriate things and then go why am
I such a terrible person
because I didn't have I would pinch
people on the back of the arm or punch
them on the arm and not want to and not
understand why and they might get kicked
off buses and things like that and it
just became very difficult to get out
and you might would do anything because
when people asked wiles I don't know I
don't know so yeah my world shrank and I
stayed in all day and the nights and
days bled into one ah I didn't uh I
didn't go outside I think
have anything news so I was playing the
same games over and over again and my
yeah I didn't really speak to my mom a
lot she was very very ill she spend most
of her time in bed the house was always
quiet so there wasn't really mm much
going on I need I'm gonna say something
that may be a little bit inflammatory
but like it's honestly the the thought
that pops into my head now on earth are
you not way more [ __ ] up uh you know
the first therapist to ask me that
actually but just um I've had four in my
life and yeah all of them have asked me
that I mean serious I'm not like I mean
you you come across as is you know
introspective patient intelligent I mean
these are all the things that I'm
feeling from you compassionate you know
aware of your internal state to a
certain degree acceptance which is a lot
of what we talked about today and and
like I'm telling you I've seen people
who are way more [ __ ] up than you who
have had way easier lives and like
consistently right I mean usually it
doesn't it doesn't take a whole lot to
[ __ ] up patrasche and that's really sad
like it doesn't take a whole lot to
really mess up a kid and and what I'm
hearing from you like I'm just really
really stunned to be honest like so you
know there's one part of it is like you
know all the frankly abuse that you went
to but then you're also talking about a
mom who's kind of disabled from a young
age and and kind of doing left to your
own devices mm-hmm and so I yeah yeah
how are you how are you capable of just
functioning at all at this point well I
think one of the big things and this is
why I'll always recommend it to parents
is I was surrounded by animals and that
was partly my own doing if I'm honest so
uh when I was really little uh uh the
front kind of started with rabbits we
lived near a castle market there were
rabbits they were being a headed skinned
cleaned hung up by this by this giant
lady with a meat cleaver there were
these fluffy little things in cage
right next to the store where it
happened and I was just like what and I
was like really really young like a
toddler's age you know less than four at
some point and I love dies with this
little white one I was at the st.
happening to you and we got out into the
car park and my mom was like why is your
coat wiggling we ended up with minty and
eventually licorice and dandelion and
honey and you know they were the
foundations for me empathy my patience
and my introspect I definitely think
that animals were the root of that
because you learned to care for somebody
else's needs with no expectations of
your own they can't give you anything
except attention and they can they just
think about know jump in for a second so
you say you learned to care for someone
else without any expectation of your own
needs sorry that you learn to care for
someone else without any expectation and
kind of putting their needs above your
own I don't think you need to put a
rabbit's needs above your own in order
to care for them but sure definitely I
cared about them before I learned to
care about myself but the the thing was
you know I was a toddler you don't
really learn a lot about self-care when
you're little yeah I knew it immediately
I cuz II already I've been through some
stuff at that age I was like I already
knew what it was to be vulnerable and at
the big peoples mercy and I just saw all
of these little things that the big
people's mercy and I related to that I
connected to that in an instant I was
like but what I really go ahead say hmm
I really just wanted them to be safe
that was the first thing I ever felt
about any animal was I just I wanted to
be one of the big people that was a good
thing and you know a good a good
presence in their life I wanted to have
the power to make things better for them
do you mind if I ask what what happened
to you at a young age where you had come
to fear the big people so much so so
much I had a violent relative relative I
had relatives
word punish me for my tics and which
would make them worse what do you mean
that I was quite often ostracized from
my family and a point of shame I my fat
my family broke apart quite early but
whenever I would go and be with them
they didn't understand me and they would
feel embarrassed when I was at the
dinner table that constantly apologizing
for my behavior they're constantly
making me stay at home alone what they
went and did activities as a family
because they didn't want to have to deal
with the trouble I bring and I was left
to not I wasn't allowed to eat with
everyone like they punished me thinking
he would correct my behavior and it
wouldn't it would just make it worse
because the emotional side of things
would make the tics worse and so like
whilst I was well behaved I'd have these
stats of seemingly just out of nowhere
being terrible pushing things over or
making loud noises or swearing and they
just didn't understand it and thought
but I would just act out out of nowhere
so yeah I I just had I didn't have much
that was fun
most the time I was just scared of what
they do next because I didn't predict
when I'd upset them hmm
you actually kind of answered I was
about to ask like you know you're
talking a lot about other people's
feelings and and how they reacted I was
really curious about how you felt in
those situations like what did you
understand about why you did these
things I understand any of it I just I
knew that I wanted to get on with
everyone I knew that I wanted to engage
and have fun I knew that I wanted to be
accepted I just didn't know how because
I couldn't stop the thing that they were
asking me to stop and I didn't know why
I couldn't stop it was it felt like it
would happen and then I'd realised after
what Helena nothing my heart would sink
how would you feel about yourself
place and always having to excuse or
apologize for my presence there like
everyone else was getting on with things
but not me I was trying to be a part of
it but always having to excuse my
presence and always an inconvenience
just felt like I was constantly having
to apologize for existing I mean it's
interesting because I even wonder about
some of the things that you said earlier
about burnout and sort of how you tend
to ignore your needs and and it's I'm
almost wondering if you know when you
feel a hunger thirst whether there's
some part of your mind that sort of use
that as an inconvenience and and kind of
views yourself as sort of an
inconvenience that needs to be attended
to I never thought about it right
because like here's here's what I hear
Anita I hear someone who's very caring
but caring to the point of neglecting
themselves right
I think that's common among people who
are care as though if the first level of
engagement you ever know is a one-sided
relationship you end up in emulating
that later in life often our parents are
the templates we use to engage with
others and my relationship with one of
mine was definitely all giving and
without any kind of reciprocating for
long periods of time yeah so that's
interesting so first of all really viola
this is awesome I don't know if you're
just brilliant or you've been through a
bunch of therapy or you're well-read or
whatever but it's it's really fantastic
to talk to someone who is so
introspective and and able to really
look at themselves so let's let's let's
think about that for a second right so
you're saying that our parents are a
template the template that we follow but
what what did your parents model for you
mmm well my mom was sick so I I learned
a lot just because I had to learn how to
cook when I was really really young like
under the age of ten sure I had to learn
to deal with bailiffs and landlords and
bills and I had to deal with calling in
about repairs and you know my safety as
well I had to I was very cognizant with
my safety because no one was gonna keep
me safe except me so I learnt to be very
responsible very young and I'm angry and
when my mom was well she was a really
great example she the scientist she was
really great at dancing she was an
accomplished artist um she was a
photographer she you know she got silly
qualifications and she was just
brilliant in many ways and that was very
inspiring so she wasn't all bad but I
think I definitely learned to be most
comfortable when I'm giving but not very
very very comfortable or secure when I'm
receiving anything well yeah I mean so
you say that and and that makes that we
can clearly see the thing that I'm kind
of confused about is that doesn't seem
like the template that your mom gave you
right the template that your mom gave
you was to be the receiver of care not
the giver of care you actually became
the opposite of your true
yeah I can see that right so that's
weird like because I agree with you
generally speaking children become some
version of their parents because that's
what's modeled to us so we just you know
we learned through observation
monkey-see monkey-do and that's not what
I meant
as in like quite often I feel that we
our parents give us the template with
our engagement so if you have a parent
who is quite aggressive towards you then
your your template is when you grow up
is that you conflate love with
aggression and you allow people to be
aggressive towards you because your
parents always told you I love you yet
hit you and so you can accept that kind
of dye cotton dichotomy I don't know
what the right word is when you're older
because it's very familiar I don't know
that I copy my parents but I certainly
copy or relive some of the ways that I
engage with them with other people and I
think that's what I mean by that
template yeah so beautifully put right
so that's actually exactly what we see
we don't see you copying your parents
behavior we see you your behaviors as
responses the way that you learn to
relate to other people is based on the
model of the way that you related to
your mom which is one side and caring
yeah what do you think about that it's
hard to break out of because it's a very
expected role of women so like people
other people are very comfortable
receiving from me other people are very
comfortable with me making food for them
or giving them see or bringing them
gifts or tending to their needs or
listening to their feelings um I think
that it's very very difficult to step
out of that role when people are very
comfortable with you being that and
things like having good self-esteem and
being proud of yourself or being open
about your sexuality in things that
there are quite often frowned upon
and you know given women who do that are
giving pretty nasty labels quite often
so I think growing up people very much
accepted the way that I've been shape
and I was never really incentivized to
change it
I think for a second so let's take your
so beautiful example earlier by the way
about sort of people who grow up with
let's say aggressive or angry parents
and who conflate love and anger because
it feels normal to them and then
oftentimes children who are abused will
wind up in relationships as adults with
people who are abusive and I think I
think you you offered a wonderful and
insightful explanation of how you know
it feels normal to them that like you
can you can be the victim of aggression
and also the recipient of love from the
same person it fits and then this person
ends up in an abusive relationship after
abusive relationship after abusive
relationship and then one day they come
and they say exactly what you just said
people are comfortable with receiving
what I have to give they're comfortable
with me making them soup and and
listening to their feelings and I could
imagine the same person or not like the
person in our hypothetical sentence
inators saying yeah I'm a tab uncha
dudes or women who are very comfortable
beating the [ __ ] out of me and then
telling me that they love me the next
day people are just like that what would
you say to them I think it's very easy
to I think it's very easy for violence
to become invisible if it's all you've
ever known in the same way that if you
have a teapot in the room and it might
be the most ugly teapot in the world and
everyone who comes in might see it it
might be the first thing they notice in
the house because they're not used to
the teapot but if you grew up with that
teapot in that room you might not even
see it anymore you might walk past it
every single day and it won't be there
to you sure unless the one cake calls
attention to it and so with violence it
might seem very garish the others like
very garish the obvious from the outside
that an abusive relationship is what it
is but from the inside if it's all
you've ever known since childhood that
part becomes invisible especially if
you're very desperate for love and
attention
and that was also something you didn't
get very much of as a child enough
different for 11 attention I don't know
I feel uncomfortable with love and
attention
so definitely twitch was an adjustment
in that respect I feel worried when that
happens more than anything yeah so Anita
let me ask you a question why does the I
agree with you that everything about you
said about the teapot is is once again
very eloquently put but let me ask you
like when that person says yeah I end up
dating abusive person after abusive
person after abusive person that's just
the way let's say men are or women are
because men get abused too how would you
respond to that person like sure you're
saying that it feels normal to you but
like why do you think they keep on
winding up in abusive relationships is
it because everyone is fundamentally
abusive I think that people who tend to
I wouldn't know how to put this to
someone in that situation because I
think hearing it in and of itself
doesn't destroy that worldview but I
think that people who are passive in the
face of violence attract violent people
because violent people don't hang around
people who won't put up with their [ __ ]
so the only people they're going to
connect with our people Q are passive
and will continue to engage with them
even when their boundaries is not
respected and those people are harder to
find but they will always find the
people who will allow them to do it so
in in a certain way these people who are
subject to abuse and people who are
abusers tend to attract each other but
they're kind of separate from the rest
of the world in that a lot of other
people can engage with each other
without hurting each other or being
harmed it's just that this particular
life trap tends to magnetize towards the
opposite and that can definitely lead to
a cycle so Anita who are you magnetized
towards and who is magnetized towards
you I don't know when I before I started
streaming there were a lot of dark
people in my life because even now my
friends will say it I'm very patient my
first reaction when someone messes up
the first time is we all make mistakes
or mix mal make mistakes someday and I
hope I'm forgiven for it
we're all human and I try to like help
them through it and go here's how we
don't do this next time don't worry
buddy and I try to maintain the
connection I repair it even if I'm not
the person who's broken it so my friends
will probably tell you that I put up
with a lot more than I should and that I
probably do attract quite a lot of dark
people but since I started streaming
twitch is full of givers people who want
to give you their time and attention
with no expectation and I'm not used to
that and that was scary when I first
heard right um and now I'm surrounded by
people who are definitely very much the
opposite that are very lucky to the
phone into place because it's giving me
a whole new scope of life and friends
that are really amazing and safe sounds
wonderful and it sounds like it was
really a growth a point of growth for
you to kind of essentially feel very
uncomfortable with other people's giving
because that didn't feel right to you
yeah I found a way to overcome that
though how'd you do that
well I thought about the it was actually
something a therapist said ages ago she
was like but it didn't really click
until I fell here and it was how do you
feel when you're giving and I went good
it's a way to connect with people it's a
way to indulge the best part of myself I
feel good about these interaction I feel
good when I see people happy and she was
like well why what do you think other
people are feeling when they're giving
to you I was like yes exactly that so
how do you think they feel if you refuse
and you pull away was it okay no I get
it
yeah yeah can I share a story that
reminded me of something from my old
life that I kind of learned that my wife
taught me can I share that yes so so my
mom and grandmother so I'm I might I
have one brother so growing up and
coming from an Indian culture like
gender norms are very regimented so like
men do certain things and don't do other
things and growing up you know my
brother and I were actually pretty chill
and so you know my mom and grandmother
would sometimes come this
and then they'd ask us like what do we
want to eat for dinner and we viewing
ourselves as chill we would kind of or
you know actually being chilled
depending on it we'd say like you know
you can make whatever you want to or
like we can eat whatever you want like I
don't really care like whatever you want
to do is fine and then what do you think
that did to them when we would say
whatever any idea I have no idea what
I'm surprised were they uncomfortable
with that yeah sort of so like like then
would have would they would ask us like
do you want to eat this or do you wanna
eat this because my mom and grandmother
would really derive especially my
grandmother because she basically I mean
she spent a lot of her life in in the
kitchen and so she derived a lot of
enjoyment and pleasure out of like
demonstrating her love through food and
that was kind of what she did and and so
we would say whatever and then she would
ask us like okay do you want to eat this
and we'd be like yeah that's fine and
then she's like do you want to eat this
and we'd be like yeah that's fine too
do you eat this and she would be like
yeah but that's fine and and then my
wife one day pointed out to me that
you're driving him absolutely [ __ ]
crazy like if you like what you should
do is just tell them you want to eat
something because they want they want
you to say something and then they want
to do eat feed you whatever you want to
eat and they want to watch you enjoy it
but unless you actually express a
preference you're actually doing them a
disservice because they're here to care
for you so like let them care for you
and just tell them what you want to eat
or just pick something you don't
actually care just pick any anything and
then pretend you really want to eat it
and then let them make it and whether
you like it or don't like it just say
it's awesome and express your gratitude
and eat and stuff yourself and it kind
of made me realize that like sometimes
the best thing that we can do for people
is for us to like if for us to help them
is not to actually be neutral towards
them but for us to actually be helped by
them right is for us to actually like
let them yeah sorry
that wasn't what I meant but yeah
breakfast I I can agree that you know
being able to state your needs is an
opportunity for others indulge the best
in themselves and to rise up Tia and
sometimes it can feel awkward and
uncomfortable for many reasons some
people have low self
and feel like others don't like
attention and feel uncomfortable
some people feel demanding and feel like
it's too much to ask there are so many
reasons why many people I bet in chat
feel a bit weird asking for anything and
I'm not the only person and I still have
to fight on an emotional level even
though I feel like I've I understand it
on her what is the emotional level what
do you mean by that
well I think sometimes instinctively the
way that we've grown the way that we
felt for most of our lives lingers even
if we reason our way out of it we still
have to contend with the emotional side
of things even if we understand how the
trick is done the magic trick can still
affect you
that's a bad analogy because you yeah
what is the emotion what is the theme oh
what is the emotion that you're
contending with mmm I think it's a
mixture of fear and shame yeah
definitely
okay I definitely understand you Sara
that hmm what are you afraid of her what
are you ashamed
I don't know I guess another way to
explain it would be like what someone's
nice to me it's always felt like I've
taken out a loan of like two billion
pounds or something I'll never be able
to pay it back I'm not in a position
like because when I was younger if
people were nice to me like there's
nothing to do I can't make this good
I'm just taking and everyone around me
was always saying all you do is take
take take you you know you're you never
give back and it's like I don't know how
you haven't shown me how and I didn't I
didn't really know what to do about it
I just felt indebted and it and it felt
really concerning and worrying but also
people used to be nice to me in order to
you then later be cruel
it was manipulative there were adults
around me that weren't didn't have the
best intentions growing up and I didn't
have as much protection because my
parents weren't there so in that sense
it became intimidating it was almost a
threat to see things and I might be
blamed or people might get angry at me
later for having them so I guess I was
just concerned in general like that all
of that would just hit me in a wave and
sometimes it still doesn't have to catch
it and go nope everything's good now and
you know I can bake the neighbor a cake
next time you know and everything's okay
so it sounds like you were afraid of the
other shoe dropping that people were
nice to you and then there would be pain
afterward hmm yeah so that's fear what
is shame I heard a wonderful exploration
of fear but I didn't understand too much
about why you felt ashamed I don't know
I guess
I think it was instilled from a young
age that I wasn't supposed to take
anything once I asked for a chocolate
and one of my member of my family went
no you can't ask for things that's rude
and really really ashamed to be in front
of everyone like really loudly
everything went quiet and they kind of
exploded at me for asking if I could
have a job to you and there was a
situation where I went to a friend's
house and I made them toast they asked
me to go down and make the toast for
them and I went down I made toast and
their grandparents caught me I'm like
all you do is take take take like oh
that's all you ever do and I was like I
haven't taken anything from you this
isn't you it for me but like I
immediately feel ashamed because I feel
like if I receive anything it's I'm not
supposed to have that this isn't meant
for me like that there's this idea ever
since I was younger that I'm not
supposed to take it I'm not supposed to
have anything that yeah that it's I
don't even know how to explain it
but yeah so I feel guilty whenever I do
okay can I think for a second
he wants breakfast send it now press em
first I like that voice it sounds like
like it's like a serie or something it
sounds like a I don't know how to
describe it it sounds like a voice that
you hear on like a phone or yeah thank
you it's it's a voice I often have tics
and for some reason or another I my tics
take they have a totally different vocal
range than I do
generally for some reason some of them
are high-pitched some of them have a
list some of them sound like a sat-nav
you know yeah yes I know that's what it
is yeah yeah and it also I need it's
it's cool to talk to someone and you
sort of mentioned that sometimes
emotions make your tics more active and
it's been fun to watch and I hope this
doesn't come across as mean it's just I
find it very so a lot of times when I
talk to people I struggle to know what
they're feeling or how they could be
feeling and it's been neat to sort of
have a little bit of a barometer for
what you could be feeling based on how
active your tics are and that there are
certain times where you know it's clear
that you're focused and paying attention
and you're speaking and sharing and then
your tics kind of go down and if there's
a period of silence and then your mind
is left some energy but some leftover
energy it sort of manifests outward as
it is a tic and that's neat to kind of
think a little bit about I've never been
able to quite get a thermometer or
barometer of someone's like mental
energy emotion and focus in the way that
I have been talking with you so I'm
learning a lot it's actually kind of
cool that's cool yeah I get a lot of
abuse for it in chat because people go
ah she forgot to tick see I knew it was
fake every time she talks or focuses she
forgets she drops her acts and I'm just
like no that's not how it works please
don't pressure me like that no no it's
really not how it works I mean the way
that I would envision takes for you is
an excess of mental energy so if your
mental energy is spent
in a particular way and if we think
about what does emotion do to your mind
it creates energy in your mind right so
what emotion leads to increased activity
so the more increased activity that you
have that you cannot focus so if we
think about energy of the mind is having
inflows and outflows when it rises above
a certain level I think it take
manifests and so the more inflow you
have through emotion and stress the
greater your chances of tics are the
more outflow that you have through let's
say focus practice flow music engaged in
conversation that decreases the energy
and decreases the manifestation of tics
I think it's really just about energy in
the mind that's such a good way of
explaining it thank you
I might steal that next time someone
asks me on my street I steal away it's
been really fun to see because even when
I when I start talking more I think your
tics manifest more because it doesn't
require a little of your attention to
listen so I have a couple of questions
for you if that's okay yeah so the first
is and so let me actually start off by
saying this so you know it's clear to me
I think either you've done a lot of
really well probably both but you've
done a lot of wonderful introspective
work what are you really studying
yourself and figuring out how the [ __ ]
you work which is awesome and it sounds
to me like you've had a couple of really
good therapists I mean you said you had
four and I'd guess that at least a
couple of them were like really good and
helped you a lot what do you think I'd
say one was a life changer yeah the rest
were kind of met um but yeah since
meeting her she changed her life so I've
been raising funds and giving them to
her to pay for other people to see her
because I really believe in what she
does so this dream has helped me to you
get other people to get help through her
which it's been amazing
that's awesome wait now I also read but
I think the Agra phobia allowed me to
really stop and think and process Who I
am
what I want to be my ethics my
understanding of the world and not
fitting in allowed me to observe from an
outsider's role because I couldn't quite
click and so these things have kind of
come together as me I'm just trying to
make sense of the world as much as I
possibly can yeah that's awesome I'm and
I think you've really come a long way
which kind of makes I mean I view that I
have a
Judy to people who come on stream which
is to help them understand something or
grow in some way I feel like that's what
people come on here for not to say that
that's why you came on but that's what I
personally feel so I believe that it is
part of my karma my Karma that I've been
given certain advantages and unique
opportunities to learn and that it's
part of my job to pass those on to
people who may benefit from them and I
never know who that person is and so I'm
gonna ask you a couple of questions if
that's okay or a frame a couple of
things and then my hope is that you know
when we think about burnout that there's
still a some part of you that doesn't
let you take care of yourself in the way
that you deserve to be taken care of and
if we think about this like you know
there was a anita 1.0 which was sort of
like the caregiver and wouldn't receive
anything and then there was a Nita 2.0
which is able of giving and receiving
and then I'm kind of seeing I need a 3.0
who is someone who is is able to
actually give to herself right and and
so I think you can now receive from
other people but I don't know and I'm
sure you can to certainly receive from
yourself because I think I mean there's
no way that you can become the person
that you have without having compassion
towards yourself and at the same time I
see a little bit of a pattern left over
where you have difficulty like giving
yourself things from yourself what do
you think about that yeah I think if I
took you in a house tool you'd see that
a lot how do you mean what does a house
tour have to do with that I don't buy
things for myself I all of the people
that visited my house say my walls are
bare I have barely any furniture I have
very few things most of the things in my
house a rabbit related and for them or
you know it's like yeah there's not
really much that I do or invest time in
that's for me I don't know in this house
so so I mean in a broad sense and this
may be a little bit unfair but I just
don't know how else to describe it like
I'm trying to get a sense of why can't
you love yourself
hmm Anais is a good question so and I've
got a little bit of a hypothesis so what
do you think about your mom I think
she's amazing I think she's a very
strong person thank you um she she gets
very fixated on a task and she she's
changed laws and she's changed the world
in beautiful ways and you know I think
yeah I definitely see a lot of good in
her and I hope I can match up to it
someday yeah so I'm wondering that all
sounds really positive I'm wondering if
you have any negative feelings towards
your mom no I mean the rest of my family
has a lot of Chris's criticisms because
they think maybe she let me down but
from a first-person like from an in the
family perspective I'm not gonna hate on
her for being sick not so uh and I'm
really impressed with how much she did
manage during that time you know yeah
did she let you down no I think she
really tried and I think that's really
very very evident in that when she did
have periods where she had more energy
you know she would always you know go
and get treats for me and things like
that and you know she'd show her
affection in some ways no I've never
hugged my mum I've she doesn't show
affection in conventional ways so we
have a strange relationship but I
definitely do you appreciate the times
where you know she would she would do
the most she could with what you know
what little energy she had yeah so I
just think about that so Anita I'm gonna
challenge you a little bit there and I
know this is gonna sound I'm not trying
to it sounds like your mom really is a
wonderful person and that she really is
inspirational but I think that there's
something very very subtle because
you've come like 90% of the way and it's
clear to me like you've done immense
stuff and I think oftentimes that last
10% is very counterintuitive so let me
let me just toss out some of the
language that you're saying right so she
tried she did the best that she could
I'm not gonna
not gonna blame someone who's ill all
positive things right makes sense is
fair but let me ask you something
is there a difference between doing a
good job and doing the best that you can
yeah definitely so when we think about
your mom when you say she did the best
that he can the funny thing is that
that's she did the best that she could
the funny thing is that statement has an
underside to it which is sort of an
acknowledgment that she didn't do a
great job right it's not that you blame
her for not doing a great job there's a
difference between blaming someone for
not doing a great job and like admitting
that someone didn't do a great job hmm
what do you think about is that is that
fair I mean my mom had a disability I
wouldn't blame half being in bed a lot
in the same way that I wouldn't blame
someone in a wheelchair for not walking
like this this isn't a parental failing
this is illness you know yeah so this is
this is where things get really weird
Anita because when we look at your
upbringing so there's a difference
between blaming someone for something
and acknowledging that they actually
like that there were problems right
because if we look at if we look at it
from the outside and I know this it
sounds really weird I'm really not
trying to beat up on your mom it's just
I've worked with people who have been so
let me can I tell you a story so I was
working with a patient who you know came
in and and also had huge respect for his
dad and his when he was young his mom
when he was about nine his mom got no
when he was seven his mom got diagnosed
with cancer and then passed away when he
was nine and his it was hard on everyone
in the family it was hard on him it was
hard on his younger sister it was hard
on his dad and you know his dad was
really in grief and and what would
happen is he would finish working around
5:00 or 6:00 p.m. he would go to a bar
every day after work and then he'd have
a few beers and he'd come
around eight or nine and his his you
know ten-year-old son in his
seven-year-old daughter would be with a
babysitter
like they'd come home from school
babysitter would pick him up and the
babysitter would be them from like with
them from like three day okay so and he
recognizes so his dad worked really hard
tried to give him lots of opportunities
did a lot of good stuff like you know
tried to teach him things and and was a
good dad in a lot of ways and and then
when I kind of asked him I was like you
know how did you feel when when your dad
would like go drinking every day he was
like well my dad was like you know he'd
lost my mom too and he loved her a lot
and I don't blame him for going to the
bar because he was in a period of grief
and and then he kept on saying the same
thing which is like he did the best that
he could right like he doesn't blame him
for doing that thing but the weird thing
is if you really stop and think about it
just because his dad even if we accept
for a moment that his dad did the best
that he could it doesn't mean that he
did a great job right like it doesn't
mean that he didn't let his son down in
some ways we're not blaming him for
letting his son letting his son down
right we're saying that he's got a good
reason he's a human being he's hurt he
has grief and so we're not gonna blame
him for that but at the same time we
should be honest with the fact that like
his dad whether he has good reason or
bad reason wasn't able to provide for
his son what his son deserved does that
make sense yeah and so when I think
about your upbringing I think about an
upbringing that really was not good in a
lot of ways what do you think yeah I I
would say that there were definitely
times where I wasn't safe there were
things that happened to me there were
times where I needed to learn how to
process things and I never got any kind
of I don't know emotional toolset sure
you kind of handle the things around me
I was definitely feeling out the world
alone in many circumstances and I get
that and that's that's something that I
don't look at as something like it's
really hard to say that the sentence
I deserved anything I don't feel
deserving of anything I have no
expectations of life life is chaos you
you aren't defined by your challenges
your defined by how you handle them and
I my parents they were young my dad was
like young Indian teens I'm not sure
when and my my mom was in a young one in
her teens I'm not exactly sure how old
they were but they're in their teens
anyway and they they didn't really know
how to be parents when I was born so
they were thrown in at the deep end and
I didn't expect them I wouldn't expect
any teenager any kid is essentially to
know how to be a perfect parent so I
just feel lucky that I managed rather
than angry that I didn't get anything
I'm sure I don't really know how to see
it any other way
yeah and that's why I think you can't
love yourself so I know this is gonna
sound really bizarre but just run so
like first of all let's let's start by
there's a 90% chance I'm wrong and 10%
chance I'm right can we start with those
odds but I've got this really
bass-ackwards way of looking at this so
in a weird way I think that you grew up
with givers and takers right and your
mom was a taker and you were a giver
right and you decided then and there
that it was good to be a giver and bad
to be a taker
what do you think yeah I came pretty
much okay so if we stop and we think
about that if you say that being a giver
is good and being a taker is bad what
does that say about your mom yeah points
what does it say that logic would say
that she was bad right so and I think
this is the problem with givers is that
givers sometimes don't acknowledge that
like they shouldn't be giving that the
person who's taking from them is doing
like a bad thing right like that's like
when we think about the abusive
relationship and stuff like that because
you're comfortable in giving hmm and
there's some people who are comfortable
in taking but and it can be hard because
I'm not saying that you shouldn't love
and respect your mom and I'm not saying
that you should blame her
but at the same time I think you should
acknowledge that there is like a giver
and a taker in this relationship
and that I find it as much as that you
cover everything with like positivity
which i think is resilient and good I
think you have to acknowledge right I
think that the way to really love
yourself and I'll talk about how is to
first of all acknowledge that like your
mom could have done a better job right
so even if she was ill or whatever maybe
she couldn't have done a better job you
can forgive so here's the here's what it
is I don't know that you've forgiven
your mom for raising you the way that
she did because you don't blame her
right and so in a weird way like you
can't forgive someone for something that
you don't blame them for like if you
smack me across the face
and I think that oh that wasn't your
fault and there's like no forgiveness
from my end because it wasn't your fault
like what point is there and forgiving
something if the no one is at fault and
when I think about what what are you not
able to do for yourself what are you not
able to you're not able to love yourself
and I think part of that is like what we
mean by love is when you indulge you're
not able to cut yourself some slack
you're not able to forgive yourself for
buying a painting for your wall because
it feels indulgent for you because in
that moment you're a taker in your honor
given in that moment I think you become
a little bit more like your mom which is
not someone that you want to be yeah
you don't see that I don't know that's a
lot to process
and I do I do notice that sometimes when
I try to process things they're
uncomfortable my brain just bounces off
them yes so it's very it's a very it's a
very difficult thing to penetrate good I
mean I think it's very good that you're
noticing that I could be wrong but my
point here is that you know when you
were talking about dichotomies earlier
right that someone can be aggressive
towards you and love you I think that
there's a dichotomy here which is that
you can love and respect your mom and
not blame her for her disability which I
don't think you should do and you can
also acknowledge that just because it's
not her fault doesn't mean that you
didn't get a bad break mm-hmm right and
and I think that there's a part of you
that like because if we think about it
it's bizarre it's like like you don't
want to be a taker like that's the
problem is that you're not willing to be
a taker you want to be a giver and
you've learned through a lot of
introspection and growth and and frankly
discomfort how to take things from
people or receive things from people
gifts and support on Twitch but even
then like it's like you won't even
you'll take their risk they're their
gifts and you'll pass them on right like
you're like oh it's like hot potato like
they can give you positivity and you're
just gonna hot potato it right out to
your therapist so that she can help
other people like I haven't forbid that
I take anything but don't give anything
to me like let me just let me do let me
be a good person and go help other
people and that sounds wonderful but
there's actually something really [ __ ]
up there which is like why can't you
just accept people's gifts like why
can't the potato land with you why can't
people just do something for you and why
can't you take it why can't you be on
the receiving end of other people's like
care and affection and positivity like
what within you rebels so much against
that because that's why you're beat the
[ __ ] out like you might beat the [ __ ]
but like that's why you neglect yourself
so hard like why do you live in a room
I'm not I think it's fine to live in a
Spartan room like I lived in the Spartan
room for years of my life as well but
like I just literally didn't care and I
don't know if it's the
you don't care or that when the thought
of buying something for yourself is like
revolting to you yes the latter one so
that's [ __ ] up right and then the
question is like why is it revolting to
you and I think it's because it's
because Nick sorry
I think it's that's okay I'm confused
about when you're doing that should I
stop talking and let you get it out or
should I keep going do have you
comfortable with I don't mind
you I'm just wondering whatever
facilitates a discussion I'm comfortable
either way but I think it kind of comes
back to the central idea of that like I
think that you actually have some amount
of resentment towards your mom and I
think that that resentment is valid it
doesn't make her a bad person it doesn't
make you a bad person and I think what
you need to do is like learn how to
forgive because you don't forgive you
make excuses for people you're
understanding right so like actually
like it through all of your positivity
like this is the really really subtle
thing is you've come across as and you
are we're really like caring and loving
and forgiving person but you don't
really forgive what you do is you allow
people to behave badly and you're so
understanding that you let them get away
with it just like just like you said
when someone when you said that friends
notice that like you cut people slack
like we think about that as a positive
thing and I think this is a prime
example of it absolutely is a positive
thing and 90% of the way it's positive
but that last 10% is when it starts to
become a little bit toxic that last 10%
is when you should blame people for
being mean to you you can forgive them
but you should absolutely blame them if
they're letting you down yeah and so I
think this issue of blame and
forgiveness is what you need to learn
which is like actually holding people
accountable if they let you down and
there's this weird kind of like I mean
sure your mom was sick and I don't know
what kind of illness she has and it's
not my place to be judgmental but I'm
gonna go ahead and do it anyway like I
mean just just the raw amount of Lourdes
if you read the Lord of the Freid
flights note Lord of Liza's I haven't
read it yet I still need to so it's a
story about like a group
kids who wind up on an island and they
like sort of like become primitive and
brutal it's like when I hear about your
upbringing it sounds like Lord of the
[ __ ] flies to me it's like people are
attacking you like adults are yelling at
you people are doing nice things to you
and then being mean to you
people are being violent people are
hunting you down with rocks when you're
on a paper out like what the [ __ ]
and if you don't blame anyone for that
like that's not good I know it sounds
[ __ ] weird like I think instead of
giving people excuses what I would
really think encourage you to do is
think a little bit about blaming them if
you really do feel that way dig down and
see if you feel something like that and
then forgive them and then in learning
how to forgive if you can forgive your
mom I think you'll be able to love
yourself yeah that's what I got that's
something to work on that's some
homework yeah I mean if it doesn't sit
with you that's ok too i mean i'm
oftentimes wrong because i don't know
what [ __ ] i'm talking about so sounds
like you do to me yeah i might want to
ask some questions
absolutely uh what decided what made you
decide to move what you do want to
twitch just the realization that i could
work in my office for ten hours a day
six days a week for the rest of my life
and i would never make a dent in
anyone's liking the problem or what I've
used the problem yeah that that coupled
with the the realization that most of
what I do in my office is repeated right
so case in point like when I'm talking
to you the reason I have this hypothesis
is because I've run through this with
another person who is also wonderful and
positive and resilient and just a great
guy that everyone loves and he's just so
positive in like like he's also a
caregiver
he's like a giver he like supports his
family he supports his in-laws he
supports everyone and and that like in
there's a very like when we
good people we start to not want to
admit that we have like dark sides right
like like your but that's just not how
human beings are weird I mean we have
love and compassion and we also have
hatred and shame and fear and you sound
like you've done a great job you can cap
you can find your fear and you can find
your shame so easily which you really
deserve credit for because it's hard to
do that what I don't hear from you at
all is an ounce of anger or hatred and I
just don't think I kind of save it up
for things I think are okay to be mad at
the thing is I see a anger is like a
hopeful emotion like it's when you don't
stand for how things are so you have
this motivation to change them and
challenge them and so I don't let myself
be angry at trivial [ __ ] like drama on
bloody Facebook but I do let myself be
angry and justice is and let that be a
motivation to change things yeah but but
but you see that like you see how like I
mean it sounds so wonderful right but
you see how [ __ ] judgmental that is
you see how like you don't let yourself
feel away about a petty thing because
you don't like you're not letting
yourself be you you're judging yourself
for being like I think it makes sense
that you should be angry within justices
and fuel that anger and like make the
world a better place and like let's
protect rabbits absolutely but at the
same time you're also not letting
yourself be a taker in that moment sure
but I I kind of feel like there are
certain things that define you and I
don't want to be defined by how I feel
about trivial things when I catch myself
reading something that genuinely doesn't
matter or getting annoyed it's something
that genuinely doesn't matter in line
I'm like am I gotta waste hate on this I
can just move on like this this [ __ ] hey
hurts me so why just just let it go is
it hurting anyone then I don't care sure
I'd rather direct my attention to
constructive things absolutely so so I
think that that makes sense and I think
there's a middle ground because I think
you say I'd rather I'd rather spend my
energy on constructive things which
makes sense which is exactly why you
don't have Archon walls right because
you don't allow yourself the indulgence
of doing things that are unconstructive
in that I actually
it is not fair I don't think you deserve
to only be doing things that are
constructive I did I think you deserve a
break from time to time I think you
deserve to be indulgent I think you
deserve to be taken care of I think you
endure deserve a day off I think you
deserve to [ __ ] up I think you deserve
to put yourself first
and that not everything in like it's so
subtle because it's so [ __ ] positive
but it's like you deserve to be a little
bit petty like you're allowed to be a
little bit petty you don't have to be a
saint and I'm with you that I don't
think you should you know spend time
getting wrapped up and with drama on
Facebook like I think it's just a waste
of everyone's time well what I'm saying
is that you're actually at one end of
the extreme and I think you're way
forward because if we think about like
you don't value yourself right like you
know you're a good person and you value
yourself in a very like a big way but
you don't value yourself in like a
little way mmm like are two things that
I really relevant to that discussion and
one of them is that you don't get to
[ __ ] up on Twitch like you don't get to
miss B you don't get to have a past you
don't get to you know mess up in your
relationships and things like that
because those things you'll be punished
for those things depending on your size
there are people who've taken like 2
million pound pay cuts because they
[ __ ] up in a private moment with their
partner something no one would ever have
millions of people angry at them for no
one judging them for no one you know
giving them hate mail sending death
threats for not affecting their job in
any way losing sponsors for like this is
a this is a place where there is no room
for fuck-ups where there's no room for
Humanity who are always perfect or you
are in danger you have there's this
place people dehumanize you here and
that's something I think you're less at
risk of the most but something that
those of us who offer mostly just
ourselves feel every day because one day
everyone hates you in the next day
people love you and it turns on a dime
like constant and so the other thing is
I agree with you with the not self-care
because I used to make arts I have a
drawer full of artwork right there I
don't draw i I've done one drawing in
four years I specialized in animation
and I haven't drawn since I left uni and
it's because I feel that guilt
I don't self indulge and I feel like I'm
not a constructive thing to draw it's a
self-indulgent thing so I think if I
take your advice I probably would too
and I think you should because I don't
think you have to fix the world right
like you like the whole point here I
need is that you you undervalue yourself
in the hierarchy of what deserves
attention you are way too far down hmm
and and and that I really wonder if like
it's because you resent your mom for
taking so much from you and you never
want to be like her like oftentimes like
you said we you know we like you're not
you're not actually like you're so
afraid like you kind of say you even
said when we talked about modeling and
how parents model behavior but you're
like no no I'm the opposite of my mom
absolutely it's weird because a lot of
times we're not the opposites of our
parents but you point out that you've
worked very very so if we think about it
if the automatic idea is that if I have
an abusive parent the chances that they
have an abusive child is very high and
if they don't have an abusive chili if
their child doesn't become abusive that
is accomplished through a lot of effort
on the child's parts it's because they
overcome and fight against what they
were taught right yeah do you think is
with your position as a therapist that
you have a lot of confirming evidence
for that theory that may not be relevant
to the world because the truth of the
matter is that parent the children if
you don't end up [ __ ] up don't come to
you I worry that we tarnish people who
have heard about abusive parents as
likely to become abusive themselves when
around two-thirds of them statistically
don't yes I think that yeah and that a
lot of therapists think that a lot of
people become abusive because they've
been abused but most people can triumph
over that it's it and we I hope that
people who've been through a lot [ __ ]
don't get stereotyped because of it
because the people who come to treat
those who fell through the net didn't
get the support they needed and ended up
abusing because they don't know how to
connect those people need help but they
can also paint a picture to therapists
and the people who help them this is
never too
you become if you have a piece of
parents and I don't know that's true and
I want to be one of the people that
prove that isn't true I wanna be one of
the people says you know we don't always
turn out that way and many of us can get
over it no so I agree with you a hundred
percent so I I'm glad you brought that
up so I do so I so the statistics just
say that people who are abused are more
likely to be abusive in your right that
it's about a 30 percent chance right so
the statistics are low the second thing
is that I completely agree with you that
your future is not determined by the way
that you were raised in fact what I've
seen time and time and time again in my
job is that you can overcome those
things and I think what we see from you
is that you have overcome those things
my point is that that overcoming is I do
think that the people who are abused
growing up have a harder game to play
they're playing the game on hard mode
this is the way that I'd put it that
people who have loving parents are
playing the game on easy mode people who
have something between loving and
abusive are playing the game on normal
and then people who have abusive parents
are playing the game on hard mode now
all three of those people can beat the
level at the end of the day it's just
the deck is stacked against them and
sometimes the people who end up becoming
abusive once again I don't blame them
because I think that they were playing a
tougher game yeah so and I'm with you
that they can overcome things if I
didn't think that they could overcome
things I couldn't do my job like my
whole point is that you can overcome
that the second thing that I want to
address is is there a confirmation bias
because I'm a therapist
very possibly it's something that I
struggle with a lot but I really don't
think so because I think that you're
assuming that the people that I see are
broken in some way and I don't see them
that way I don't see the people that I
see as being less than the people that I
don't see right so I think in a subtle
subtle way like that in and of itself is
a very dangerous thinking I see normal
people everyone I see is completely
normal and that's where I start with it
this is just a normal person and sure
can they be labeled with some kind of
mental health disorder absolutely but I
don't think of mental health disorders
as like disorders of people I think of
them is actually symptoms to deeper
problems that we all face yeah I've seen
multimillionaires that are suus
idle because they're not doing enough
for their family and I've seen people in
jail who were 16 years old when they
started dealing drugs because they're
supposed to provide for the three older
sisters because that's what a man
[ __ ] does who's also suicidal because
he can't see enough for his family if
there's one thing that my clinical
practice has taught me it's that the
person in jail and the person who's the
multi-millionaire at the core is self I
know this sounds completely crazy
but are far more similar than they're
different because our society has taught
us that these two human beings are
fundamentally different but my work has
taught me that this is why I stream on
Twitch because I don't think that the
people on Twitch are rejects I see
myself in them and I see inside sorry
that's okay
anyway so I don't think that there's a
confirmation bias but there very well
could be it's something that I struggle
right but I think statistically I also
don't see I mean I a fair number of
people in my practice or don't have even
don't fit criteria for a mental illness
I I work with people who suffer and I
try to help people with suffering which
would this says is like a universal
human condition but it's still possible
that I have a cognitive bias right it's
possible that there's a selection bias
it's possible that all of what I've
learned is like not fair or widely
applicable but I still think when it
comes back to you like you what what I
really think is that like I really
wonder if there's a part of you that
doesn't want to become your mom yeah and
you know you're I'm grateful for that
too because I think every parent aspires
to have a child that outdoes them and I
have the benefit of learning from some
of my mom's mistakes from getting not
having to live them myself to know the
pain of them and that's good too and I
think it's good to some degree to want
to be different from my parents when I
improve on the model that they set for
us I think that's a beautiful thing so I
am uncomfortable believing that yeah
that I would like to be different I
would like that I can see things that I
wouldn't want to do we'll be yeah that
makes a lot of sense let me ask you
something are you I mean really
what about your personal life but is it
okay if I ask you about your thoughts
about having kids or whether you have
kids I am NOT gonna have kids I'm not I
I think if I do start to feel broody I
will adopt because I don't think the
answer to the world's problems is
another DNA copy of me and by the time
they have kids that DNA isn't passed on
anymore it's gets mixed and mixed again
until it's completely different its DNA
is not it's a transient thing it doesn't
matter but there are people out there
who've been through a lot of similar
things to me you were waiting for
somebody to love them and they go and
sit out there and loved while I create
yet another human being in a very well
populated earth so I think if I did have
kids I would go and find someone that my
tools would be particularly relevant and
use so exactly yeah there it is right so
I asked you about kids and what's your
answer that I'm not gonna do something
I'm gonna do something I'm like I don't
know it's unclear to me what your needs
exactly are but I hear the same axis of
there are people out there who need my
help so who the [ __ ] am i to create
another genetic copy what right do I
have to bring in someone else into the
world because there's so many kids out
there who are suffering you see how
thick it is [ __ ] me and what I want it's
not even clearly that you want kids but
I don't think you've even entertained
the idea automatically it's so [ __ ]
automatic that actually upsets me
because I think you're you're actually
not valuing yourself there there's a
difference between saying I actually
want kids and I'm gonna give them up but
I don't think you'd do that see this is
the thing you don't even like admit to
yourself that something is wrong and
then give that up you just slide right
past it and you use greater in justices
to justify giving things up for yourself
it's so positive and yet like there's a
part of me that screams that you are
doing something to you that has been
done to your entire life which is that
you are devaluing yourself and you were
saying that if there are things that are
more important than me that bothers me
it bothers me really deep down because I
do
think that that kid out there who needs
a loving parent is more important than
you are right we all deserve to be
important yeah and you do it so quickly
and it's like clouded with so much
positivity and that it's so easy to get
away with and yet I feel hurt when I
hear you say that which is [ __ ] weird
because you're talking about something
that's so good anyway can I just say to
those in chat that I still think it's
worth adopting regardless strategies
aside and that there is a certain amount
to be gained from adopting someone and
connecting with someone beyond a genetic
level but rather passing on what's truly
important about you the thing that you
decided which is your identity your
values and your you know your tools for
navigating the world and those things
are the things you decided about itself
those are the things you can take credit
for those are the things I think really
matter about us we don't choose what eye
color we have but we do choose who we
are and passing on a little bit of that
in a positive way and helping someone
else with that is beautiful and I think
that is still Parenthood and I still I
think it's an undervalued form of
parenthood and I'd encourage anyone in
chat to adopt regardless of my reasoning
even if it might seem a little bit
dysfunctional in this content no I mean
but like Anita so thank you for sharing
that I think it's I really do think your
your goals are noble and I support them
a hundred percent I think you're a
wonderful person it's just there's
something that's just so subtle about
you putting the rest of the world first
like it's a weird thing right but that's
what I hear from you time and time and
time again is that like I put other
people first
and I just don't agree with that mmm-hmm
and in that because I think you deserve
you deserve being put first - hmm it's
one thing to hear that but how do you
put it in practice because the feeling
doesn't go away and sometimes I push
back the tide and I start doing things
for myself I can never keep it up yeah I
had this issue for a long time and even
when I did rescue work years back I used
to go out there I used to do anything
and everything
some of it was like dangerous as well
and I'd come home and I'd be really
really exhausted and I'd go back after
an hour and do it again like I spent an
hour at home a day for like a month and
she's completely burnt out and the thing
with all of that is like I would notice
the problem trying to fix it get started
and then just fall back into again and I
just fell back into it with it's
dreaming yeah so so I need a great
question so I think which the problem
here is that you're overcoming something
and that's not a sustainable way to live
your life so like when you when you
think about like you know your desire to
make the world a better place is to move
away from something within yourself does
that make sense
mmm like I I think like a lot of your
desire for goodness in the world is like
because of some badness in you like it's
just moving away and then when you
indulge is something from yourself it's
like that badness within you comes up
front and center and then you don't want
that feeling so you go out and you help
someone else
hmm which the world the world loves a
relationship with you because you're you
do for the world what all these people
do and they take advantage of your
kindness the world takes advantage of
your kindness
the world is gonna take as much as you
have to give and it'll let you chew
yourself out in the process and it won't
give two shits when you burn out and
when you're exhausted the thousands of
people out there who benefit from your
you know your sacrifices will appreciate
it and no one will be left to care for
you
and that's completely fine now the
question is how do you overcome that I
think you have to figure out where that
sense that other people are
fundamentally more important than I am
comes from and you have to explore like
where you got that idea and and I know I
keep on harping on this this may not be
right but like I I really do wonder if
you Harbor some kind of resentment from
your mom or towards your mom and if you
do harbor resentment towards your mom if
you can acknowledge that it may not be
rational and it may not be fair but you
just have to like notice it right and
and for you to hold that your mom
because you talk about your mom like an
ideal
figure right like you talk about her
like she's one-dimensional like you talk
about her his is intelligent in support
of and wonderful and he'll and it's
tragic that she like but parents are not
one-dimensional right all of us like I
mean I hope I'm a good dad but I'm a
[ __ ] psychiatrist so I'm sure my kids
are gonna be [ __ ] up one day because
that's what happens
statistically right and so so I mean the
truth is that there's no such thing as a
perfect parent but what I hear you
describe is a perfect parent and I think
that's a problem yeah and as you start
to explore in what ways like where does
that feeling come from like why is it
like when I asked you this question
about kids like you've launched into
this whole philosophical explanation and
I think great you guys should adopt
because there are a lot of kids out
there that need love but the question is
as you as as I asked that question and
you start explaining stuff what is the
feeling that you're moving away from if
I were to ask you Anita I think you
should have kids how do you feel if I
say that right right so why do we feel
defensive it's because something hurts
we have to protect something time to
tank up so what is it that hurts with
the prospect of you having kids like
forget about whether you actually should
or shouldn't that's your choice if you
want to adopt by all means go do it but
what I'm saying is like what what is it
within you that you are feeling
defensive about
you
what's wrong with you having kids
I think I think it's a I think it's a
couple of things I think I wanted them
is uh is I don't really picture myself
in a relationship I don't picture myself
like I worry as well like it immediately
brings up the idea of like almost
relationships and and then I'm it's
handily connected to another person who
probably [ __ ] me over at some point
and you know looking at all of the
awkward single parents you have to see
the other parent and a list of stuff and
I see painful connections there whereas
I see a connection that's based on
someone needing you and it's not
incumbent on whether you'll sleep with
them with the approve of you or whether
they can handle your condition it's just
a need and that seems pure from Earth
you're talking about the potential
father of a child that you have or
you're talking about the child
themselves the potential father like I
think if a child needs you that very
that's a very clear and very easy thing
to maintain and a very safe thing to you
for me it seems like that's not
incumbent on anything whereas a
relationship is and they fluctuate and
they don't statistically last I think
that a child with someone carrot the
idea if it carries a lot of pain
compared to the idea of just helping
someone who needs honestly yes that's
thank you for sharing that and also like
whoa like I feel like this is a whole
different conversation right so because
it's interesting so I'm gonna toss your
words right back at you about you know
children of abusers becoming abusers
like why do you think you have to fall
victim to that statistic right we're
willing if you can overcome your
upbringing because that was a long shot
right let's be honest like most people
who grew up in your situation where
they're physically abusive the child of
teenage parents it sounds like
and you know left to fend for themselves
like most of them end up like you know
in like I mean I've worked with a lot of
people with substance use and it's now
and honestly I'll tell you I mean so I
we sometimes not really joke about this
but if I can share one other thing so I
need I used to work in an emergency room
I don't really do that kind of work
anymore but for many years I worked in
an emergency room and sometimes we've
got a kid who comes in and the kid has
all these different diagnoses they've
gotten like bipolar disorder marijuana
use cocaine use depression ADHD and and
really like with the diagnosis for the
kid was it was something that there was
an older woman as a psychiatric DD who
was brilliant
she was a nurse practitioner and she
would say yeah the kid has [ __ ] life
syndrome it's not that they have
depression and bipolar and ADHD it's
just like they've got just like a [ __ ]
life like they don't have stability in
their house they don't have parents who
are like stable they just you know the
child services people are involved and
the thing is it sounds like you had [ __ ]
life syndrome like it sounds like you
have grew up in a place where you don't
really have stability or care or support
and you overcame the odds and so it
blows my mind that like you're afraid of
the odds right because if you've
overcome such long-ass odds to become
the person that you are who's caring and
compassionate and resilient like why on
earth would you think that if you chose
to spend the rest of your life with
someone and this gets into monogamy or
whatever so like I mean let's not even
presume that saying this is probably a
different conversation but like you have
so many fears around so your relation
your fear of having a child of your own
has nothing sounds like it has nothing
to do the child has everything to do
with the partner yeah and so like I
think if I mean so that's got to be
dealt with that has nothing to do with
adoption that's just like what you know
like where do you get the idea that you
know this is gonna like be doomed to
disaster because that also hurts me to
hear because I I think that it's
possible and and you know I think it's
possible for people to meet each other
to be invested in each other and to
build a life with each other and the
fact that you've taken that off of the
table I think makes
we feel sad I think they have some
healing to do I I spent several years in
a DV situation what is that domestic
violence ah so I had to flee someone I
had to give up my life I was midway
through studying I got my degree I was
studying for higher education and I had
to just abandon it all move
leave all my friends to get away from it
he tried to end my life it's [ __ ]
scary yeah yeah that explains woman
yeah and yeah it's been hard to connect
with people since I have succeeded
I had another six year relationship
after that but I that wasn't the best
relationship either but for other
reasons he he never harmed me but yeah I
kind of feel I yes still getting past
that one yeah um and obviously that's
how I get that window into how our
relationship with our parents become so
familiar that we end up reliving them
with our friendships and relationships
there are I'm very aware of that and
still figuring my way through it I'm
still figuring out how to draw people of
a different kind and to be in a safer
more stable place because sadly and
here's the thing people get crossed with
women who keep ending up in with a piece
of relationship there's so many jealous
men who like she only gets with
[ __ ] more women like bird boys and
all those generalizations but the truth
is I didn't end up with bad people
because I love bad boys I was hopeful
and naive every time and every bad
person will tell you they're good at the
start and if you're hopeful you believe
them yeah and so I I end up convincing
myself never again I'm gonna go for
someone nice someone kind animated so
can I tell you to go for something else
yeah I don't want you to go for someone
who's nice I want you to go for yourself
do you mean so like the undercurrent for
everything that I'm hearing from you and
Nita is that you put other people first
I want you to be in a relationship where
you come first I don't even know what
that looks like
absolutely and that's the [ __ ]
problem that is the [ __ ] problem is
that you have no idea what it's like to
put yourself first you have no idea what
it's like to be in a relationship where
you get put first and that I think
someone in your [ __ ] upbringing
deserve some blame for and so I think it
starts with baby snacks yeah get
yourself some artwork spend some time
painting and see what comes up you're
working with a therapist now no I don't
have okay well okay but then I would say
like and then like explore that right
like what is that guiltiness like that
guiltiness is you putting yourself first
like [ __ ] put yourself first you
deserve it and you've already made a
world like you've done enough like
you're already in that positive right
how many people did you send to your
amazing therapist to is life-changing I
don't know yeah I'm gonna have to ask
her who's like I mean if you if if you
sent more than one then you're not
positive for life fine so you deserve a
break and like do something for yourself
and put yourself first and you've done
amazing I mean I neither you've just
done such an amazing job but like your
positivity is infuriating because it
comes in and you're 90% there but that
last 10% has to come from like loving
yourself and choosing yourself and
putting yourself first we're here on
Twitch where everyone is so [ __ ]
selfish and I don't think they are by
the way I have a better opinion in which
I sometimes wonder I mean I realize when
you're saying earlier about you know
twitch and failure and all that you
losing my income and all that kind of
crap I I think I mean you must be right
and I can see that and at the same time
there's a part of me that wonders about
like how much of that is because of the
way that you view the world that if
there's love there's gonna be taking
away of love eventually hmm right like I
see that same dynamic of like when you
look at Twitter like this is gonna be
temporary the gravy train is gonna stop
at some point and they're gonna abandon
me yeah yeah you you don't know how hot
in the head you are with that my
community will tell you as well because
when I first arrived I went from in
three months I ended up with like 300
thousand followers um the first three
months like I went viral and it was
scary but I didn't get used to it
everyone's like you're a big thing now
is like no I'm not I'm viral everyone's
gonna go on to the next thing in a few
days and everything will go back to 20
viewers again and I just did not believe
it and I kept saying that any minute now
any minute now for like a year I was
like any minute now they're all gonna go
and they stayed and I've been like what
like this has been like brain scram so
I've not I've I'd never understood it
yes and this is this is gonna sound
crazy but like I think twitch like this
is gonna sound [ __ ] weird I think
twitch is teaching you how to love
yourself right because like this is
exactly what happens to someone who's
been in an abusive relationship after
abusive relationship after abuse is a
relationship after abusive relationship
is they meet someone who's actually nice
and they're like what the [ __ ] is going
on yeah yeah it's like why haven't they
abandoned me like what is this I didn't
I don't this is not how things work
people get interested me in me for a
time and then they start throwing rocks
like we're and then the longer they stay
the more confusing it gets yeah and it's
just bewildering because you weren't
taught how this works you weren't taught
that you can have intrinsic value and
that people can come around and hang
around because they like you for you are
that's it yeah yeah and that that is
something but I I've been genuinely
confused by and sometimes people have
like donated thousands of pounds or they
have you know they've they've been
following me for like ninety months and
I'm like why are you still here like and
I'm confused and I will openly express
it I haven't quite learnt how to come to
terms with it yet because it is it
direct
see it confronts something I don't know
how to process yeah
so let me I'll leave you with this to
think about and then we'll see I mean if
you have other questions and stuff but I
want you to entertain a crazy idea okay
I want you to entertain that people can
see value and you without you giving
anything to them I want you to entertain
the idea that sometimes you're a rabbit
but you don't have to give anything in
return and that people will just
appreciate you for being you and that
you don't have to adopt or save animals
or other things to be like valued in
life that you can have and it sounds
crazy
just intrinsic value not extrinsic value
but just intrinsic value that just by
virtue of who you are you have earth and
that you don't need to do anything to be
worth something yeah that makes so much
sense if I picture applying to somebody
else
that's the weird thing like that's
that's immediately when you're
describing that it's easier to remember
and understand those words if I'm
picturing us describing someone other
than me which kind of emphasizes yes I
think you're very much on to something
yeah right and so I think you've got to
explore that and I think it's it
literally Anita it starts with little
things like it starts like I mean when
you say people don't say nothing on your
walls like so get yourself something for
yourself yeah like do you have a bathtub
I do do you have bubble baths no do you
have things do you ever use the bathtub
and enjoy being in a bathtub with like
bubble baths or other kinds of bath
bombs or whatnot no I don't do that yeah
so I think you should try like I think
you should start start with Patty and
worthless indulgences because you're
worth it
thank you any last thoughts or questions
no I just wanted to say thank you for
everything that you do I think that
honestly I've watched a bit of your work
before here on the channel and I think
the beauty of it is that a lot of what's
being described as very normal human
problems and a lot of people in chat can
definitely relate to it you're helping
people process themselves and the people
around them and contextualize behaviour
that they've seen or experiencing that
they don't really understand yet and I
see that fitting for place fitting into
place for people in chat people who've
seen your work I've heard them talk
about just in the brief periods that
they've dipped in it just transforming
things for them and I think what you're
doing is beautiful I thank you ever so
much for bringing this to the platform
because it's definitely what's needed
and yeah I know that this is gonna keep
growing and it's beautiful well I am
you're very welcome and I greatly
appreciate your positive sentiment it's
part of what keeps us growing and I
could say that I'm gonna say the same
thing right back at you because I think
you to bring a lot of positivity and
we'll submiss like I'm not too familiar
with too many twitch streamers but I
think it's awesome how you engage in
conversations or on mental health I
think it's awesome how you try to be a
positive person I mean I know we've been
trying to get you to not be a positive
person for less
I really do think it's great that you
you do try to make the world a better
place and and the world really does
benefit from people like you I mean if
we had a you know 100 people like you
10,000 people would be better off I
think the only thing that I'll return to
is that this goes for everyone else out
there too is that you don't you should
absolutely make the world a better place
but I don't believe it has to come at
the cost of yourself I don't think
that's fair but I you know I think what
you do is awesome and I think that
you're educating people around
Tourette's and mental health and like
teaching acceptance and and all that
kind of stuff we're completely behind
you Anita do you do you want to meditate
sure I teach people how to meditate let
me just think about what oh man I do you
have anything you must indulge in some
ways right
do you have junk food at home I buy
treats put them in a box and I'm feel
good that I have them there and then
don't eat them okay so do you have any
treats at home right now go get one yeah
go get one okay I'm gonna turn the
camera off real quick sure go get it
okay now yep so you guys should try this
too yep cameras off okay so we're gonna
do for Mental Health Awareness Month
we're gonna do treat eating stream so if
you guys have some kind of junk food or
something go get it
right shouldn't be shouldn't be a big
ask for for most of our audience and if
you guys eat too much junk food you can
also get something go get something
healthy to eat as well go get whichever
thing you get less you eat less often
okay okay so should be back now okay so
we I'm gonna let's give people like 30
seconds to go get their own food okay
what did you get I got some white
chocolate awesome it's unopened mm-hmm
see that's the crime yeah I've had it
for ages is it expired are you gonna get
sick no no it's not expired it's fine
okay so let's get started so I want you
to start and eat it by sitting up
straight closing your eyes and I'm gonna
ask you to think out loud a little bit
okay so when you think about eating the
chocolate what comes up in your mind
mm-hmm I can already taste it okay mmm
and does any kind of emotion come up
uh kind of like relief I guess okay okay
so what keeps you from eating it if you
can taste it and eating it brings you
relief what keeps you from me to eating
it what do you think I feel like I
should be doing other things
mm-hmm okay do you feel like you should
be doing two other things now no no
after I check okay so the first okay so
now well so let's just zero in on that
right so let's zero in on the
acknowledgement that the reason it has
been left it it is left uneaten so far
is because you feel like you should have
been doing other things and let's also
notice that for some reason and let's
not be jump to conclusions that feeling
doesn't appear to exist within you right
now hmm right so now I want you to open
the chocolate okay and then take off a
piece is it like a big it looks like I'm
just looking at it it seems yeah perfect
okay so close your eyes okay think about
eating it for a second does any kind of
lessons to come up taste like your
mother sorry it does it wait but this is
it bread does it does anything come up
for you no okay so let's just notice for
a moment that as her mind becomes less
occupied that takes in grease
so that's movable so now go ahead and
take a bite of your chocolate
just notice how it tastes and tell us
how you feed pretty damn good but
shouldn't you be doing something else
like this ok now the feelings coming
back how do I push it away again what is
the feeling don't push it away um gilts
ok so shame eyes opened guilt and shame
came close the eyes
notice the guilt and shame give them
don't try to run away from them give
them your fullest attention what do you
feel
like I shouldn't be doing this okay
so where is that sensation that I
shouldn't be doing this hmm I feel it
like a squeeze Wow
I squeezed them my chest or okay I feel
like I should okay so you feel squeezed
and the pressure in your chest so I want
you to do is take a deep breath in feel
that squeeze expand and then relax and
let it squeeze you let it squeeze let it
contract your chest down and now breathe
into it and then let it squeeze and then
a third time
feel it expand that squeeze enos and
then let the squeeze contract back down
let it deflate and now continue your
normal breathing and notice what's
happening in the sensation within you I
feel like it is receding okay I feel I
feel like I feel like I feel like even
just acknowledging that it helps me
mm-hmm to kind of shut it down like it
feels less powerful when I actually
facing it good yeah so we're gonna go to
level 2 take another bite and anticipate
let yourself recognize that that guilt
eyes closed it's gonna get stronger with
your eyes open
let yourself let it come in right
recognize that there's a part of you
that is guilty and ashamed and that that
part of you that negative part of you
deserves a seat at the table you don't
all have to be a wonderful person you're
allowed to be a negative person - you're
allowed to have negative feelings we
don't want them we don't want you to run
away from them that thing is not hideous
right there they're your whole life
you've been taught that there are parts
of you that are hideous that needs to
change
what's happening to it
so I'm just letting it be there it kind
of feels like an edge like I'm like okay
now you're done put it away now like
drop off the chocolate put it away
they're like that's my media edge good
good so notice that part of you right
and then tell that part of you that
you're gonna take a third piece of
chocolate and what you're going to do is
this third piece of chocolate
you're not gonna necessarily push the
negativity away but you're also going to
let yourself taste that third piece of
chocolate and just enjoy it as much as
you can okay it gets to bark but you
don't have to respond to it right you're
not telling it to be quiet but you're
also not giving into it so the third
piece I want you to try to really enjoy
like really taste it pay attention to
your mouth pay attention to the
sensation of it pay attention to the way
that it melts pay attention to the
flavor the sweetness the enjoyment we
don't want to push away the thus
queasiness you can breathe into it if
you want to but really try to just enjoy
the chocolate like so it looks like it's
a good [ __ ] chocolate white chocolate
delicious mm-hmm and just be like yeah
this is great the last question I'm
going to ask you you don't have to
answer this the right way you can answer
it the wrong way is is it okay for you
to do this is it okay for you to enjoy
is it okay for you to not donate that
chocolate to a homeless person stop
reading my mind is it
is it okay to feel both answers yes
that's the right answer actually right
because I have a Wow I have Wow
I have well I have well I have the
mental answer and I guess the emotional
answer and they're both yep good so so
now now we're gonna come to a close with
this practice so just sit with both of
those answers and see if you can find
any emotional answer that resonates with
your rational answer right can do you
find any enjoyment within yourself yeah
so so notice that too right we don't
necessarily want logic versus emotion we
want emotion versus emotion we want you
to recognize that there's a part of you
that enjoys this experience and there's
a part of you that doesn't enjoy this
experience yeah that actually the
emotion that you feel is a judgment for
the enjoyment so that's actually more of
a rational process than I think you give
it credit for yeah so there's emotion
versus an emotion and then there's
rational thought versus rational thought
judgment versus yeah of course it's okay
for you to enjoy something and then down
here there's a sense of tightness and
there's also a sense of like enjoyment
or pleasure yeah and and either you must
do this okay so you pick whatever it is
whether it's buying something for
yourself and and understand that one day
you may adopt a child or maybe you'll
adopt half a dozen because why adopt one
when you can save six people like yeah
and then understand that one of the most
important things that you can teach
those children is how to appreciate who
they are and how to derive enjoyment
from life yeah right and how are you
going to teach them that unless you know
it
it's very so do something for yourself
and do like you're gonna notice it's
like I don't know if you go to the
grocery store because of covet or
whatever but you're gonna have a chance
to indulge yourself and then you're
gonna rebel against it but but support
that part of you that bought the
chocolate that's the one that we want
right because in that moment a you know
it's like yeah I'm gonna get me some
chocolate it's a support that part of
you cuz that that part of you deserves a
seat at the table too and and spend some
time painting and notice how you feel
about yourself and even if you can't
delude yourself or trick yourself into
doing it for yourself you can trick
yourself into doing it by telling you
that you're actually doing it for the
child that you're gonna adopt one day
yeah right but do this and for people
who are at home if you guys are way too
indulgent you can do the same exercise
with something that is not good I mean
that is good for you that you don't
enjoy and just pay attention to what
happens in yourself but anyway thoughts
or questions before we wrap up and eat
it know this has been really great thank
you for everything yeah it's been an
absolute pleasure to talk to someone who
is just so aware of their internal
environment and and it's been awesome
and I think you're just an amazing
person it's been a blast talking to you
if you want to talk again we can dig
into why the [ __ ] this whole
relationship thing and what you're
afraid of there that's a whole other can
of worms but I mean I'd love to help you
understand that you deserve to be loved
and committed to by a particular person
you know like you deserve that too like
you deserve to be put first by someone I
yeah thank you yeah anyway so it was
awesome thank you very much and stay
safe you too have a great evening
adios oh yeah okay we did meditation
okay our
so let's think about okay so guys a
couple of week app so first of all so I
need is amazing and let's remember I
want you guys to be careful right
because Anita is so positive but like
that comes at the cost of herself and
that's not something that we want right
like we want her to like you know it's
just not fair it's not fair that she
should sacrifice her own happiness or
own wants for the sake of other people
is it noble absolutely is it good
absolutely is it fair No right so like
let's remember that the way the world
works is we sacrifice for others and
others sacrifice for us that's how the
Ottoman Turks so I think that it's
amazing what she wants to do but then
like we should and she's doing a good
job and I think apparently twitch at and
has taught her this is taught her how to
receive right which is amazing like
let's just let's not forget that that's
that's awesome that you guys like think
about this everyone thinks tweet chat is
toxic but y'all aren't toxic right you
can be toxic and this comes back to
Anita saying can I feel both of them at
the same time absolutely there's a toxic
[ __ ] in you and there is a wonderful
wholesome person in you there's AoE
healing and there's AoE damage right
that we are both things that she can
love her mom and respect her mom and be
grateful for her mom and also resent her
mom for being incapable right that's
what kids do kids blame adults for all
kinds of irrational [ __ ] that's how kids
operate that's why they're kids they're
like we're daddy like why does the Sun
have to go down I don't want to go to
sleep why can't the Sun stay up forever
[ __ ] you dad like that's what kids do
but I don't get any of that from her and
it's okay to be it's it's there's a
difference between being rationally
upset with someone and being
irrationally upset with someone and like
it's okay to be irrationally upset with
someone that's what most of being upset
is it's irrational it's not logical
right so it does
have to make sense and you don't have to
dismiss it you're allowed to feel the
way that you you do even if it's
completely incompetent now should you
let it dictate all of your actions no
but I think this is where I needa gets
into trouble is she does let it dictate
her actions right she lets the
relentless positivity dictator actions
she lets the fundamental premise that
she is worth worth less than other
people dictate her actions and it looks
so beautiful on the outside but it's not
fair to her right and what's awesome is
that twitch at his his talker this like
you guys get this you guys got her hat
like you guys got her there probably a
therapist to his life changing has
something to do with it let's be fair
but when it comes to people who
subscribe to her stuck around or you
know sub for like 21 months or whatever
like you guys sent her signals that were
contrary to her worldview which is that
people leave and that people don't have
value order that she doesn't have value
and and that's amazing so I believe in
the the healing power of twitch at and
also the absolute toxicity of twitch
chat' I know you guys are capable of
both that's why I make it makes it fun
so listen this has been fantastic I you
know it was so interesting because when
I when I talked to people who are so
capable and so awesome I always struggle
with the sense of like whether I can
help them in some way not that I need to
right but like Anita has come so far but
I want her to see that take that next
step right I really want her to and and
oh wow I needed a thousand dollars Wow
thank you very much Anita and yeah I
mean I think like this is what we've got
to do so this is what we want to do
right so this is what we're doing right
now is we are we are doing Mental Health
Awareness Month and we're gonna help
people in the way that we're gonna help
people is through our recovery coaching
program and what I'm trying to do is
teach people to like talk to you guys
and help you like figure out what is
holding you back because this is crazy
and just think about this for a second
right I need is such an amazing person
and yet she is still holding herself
back
the way that she's holding herself back
is like oh do you guys hear that when I
asked her like have you thought about
having kids and she has this whole like
rational justified response that is in
response to something that she feels
like I can't have children like there
are thousand questions that I want to
ask her and at the top of the list is
one that I think is incredibly hurtful
but I think she's got to explore which
is was she'll an unwanted child like
what's going on with like her being an
unwanted like where does the worst come
from it infuriates me that she has to
feel that way that she feels that way
about herself
it's not fair she shouldn't need to feel
that way you know I don't know that we
can do this but we're gonna try so we're
gonna try to train coaches or we have
trained coaches and we are actually
pretty good I'm understating things so
we collected data for eight weeks and we
saw that the coaches can actually help
people so we're gonna do this right
because here's the problem here's what
healthy gamer is about she asked me why
did I start streaming so I'll tell you
guys and this is why we're trying to
raise money so if you guys subscribe or
donate or whatever like thank you very
much this is this is what we're about so
two years ago I posted on reddit I said
I'm a psychiatrist who's interested in
video game addiction ask me anything
post hit the front page a lot of great
responses and then people started
reaching out to me and I was like oh
[ __ ] people think like oh this isn't
that wonderful that oh like oh you a
famous full heart oh my goodness front
page oh it's so wonderful I was actually
terrified my response was abject terror
because what I heard from people over
and over and over again is like help me
and then I said I can't and then the
next person said help me and I said I
can't and the next person said help me
and I said I can't and that happened
like literally a couple of thousand
times and then I was like oh [ __ ] there
is a huge problem out there and like no
one knows amidst ovid going on I want
you guys to think about this for a
second okay
when Kove it happened we tweeted out we
said how are you guys dealing with kovat
and the response that we got is that
it's actually not that bad it's not very
different from my regular life and so my
first thought was oh that's pretty cool
like people are more adaptive towards
you know Kovan because they're gamers
but then another part of me like jumped
up and thought something really horrible
the rest of the world is falling apart
because they're quarantined and we live
like this every single day that Kovac
quarantine is a way of life for our
generation that is [ __ ] up just think
about that for a second it's not that
we're more like the fact that we're
adapted to Cove it is [ __ ] terrifying
right that there's a growing population
of people who lives like this day in a
day out the rest of the world is [ __ ]
falling apart and we're like what the
[ __ ] is wrong with you guys just stay at
home oh you can't get your nails did
like who the [ __ ] cares right but
there's a generation of people who lives
in quarantine their whole life we heard
it from Anita she was a agoraphobic for
years right the world is a dangerous
place we don't want to live out there
and what I heard from people was even
more disturbing was that I I went out
and I saw a psychiatrist
I saw a therapist because that's what
everyone says like oh you're you're
[ __ ] up go see you psychotics
you're ill you have depression it's an
illness right it's an illness it's not
your fault man it's an illness it's just
something's wrong with you like your
neuro chemistry's [ __ ] up man it's not
your fault
you're just something's broken in your
brain go and get that fixed and then
you'll be fine and they do that they go
and they see a psychiatrist psychiatrist
talks to them for 45 minutes
says yeah you have depression because
they check their DSM checklist right we
have a checklist of things that okay if
you meet five out of nine criteria you
have depression sleep change an interest
guilt lower energy level concentration
appetite sluggish and suicidality if you
have five out of nine of those you're
depressed and then they give them a pill
and they gamer reject lifelong
quarantine er goes home and he takes his
pill and he says huh I'm fixed I'm cured
and then they log on and they play video
games and then the next day I'm cured
I'm gonna take my pill take their pill
every single day and they continue
playing their games in
changes in their life and then these
[ __ ] reach out to me they're like can
you help me because you seem to
understand something that these other
people are saying I'm like oh [ __ ]
why did I start streaming on Twitch it's
because of oh [ __ ] it's because when
Anita was at the meat market as a child
she saw a rabbit that was in a cage that
was gonna get butchered so she tried to
do something about it
y'all are my rabbit right I see the rest
of the world not doing for us what we
need I see a mental health system that
is too old the average age of a
psychiatrist in America is like 55 too
old too slow how long does it take to
get an appointment Oh three months do
you have three months to waste in a
sense yes because you guys aren't [ __ ]
doing anything but in a sense no because
if you're like a sophomore in college
and you get FS for three months your
academic career is ruined and it's too
expensive right
how much does I mean my hourly rate is
astronomical and I see a lot of people
for free and that's why I urge an
astronomical rate but it's expensive
health insurance is expensive depending
on where you live wait times are super
long they'll see you for 12 sessions
we've heard horror stories who was it
Ingrid a couple of weeks ago for like
one week ago told us the story of how
she went to see a psychiatrist
she was waiting for 45 minutes into her
appointment the guy talks to her for
five minutes says I can't help you and
sends her out the door like what the
[ __ ] the mental health system is not
meeting our needs right now and it's so
much more than just mental illness right
there are like so many problems like we
don't have forward momentum we we rack
up tens of thousands of dollars of debt
for jobs that pay us twenty five
thousand dollars a year like something
is [ __ ] up and and you know I don't I
don't necessarily think it's our fault
and so what am I gonna do about it what
am I gonna do about it right that's the
question like what am I gonna do this is
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna start
streaming on Twitch and then the number
of people that ask me for help
increased now we get thousands per month
asking for help so what the [ __ ] like
what am I going to do about that
I'm just gonna say like oh I'm sorry I
can't help you I only have 24 hours in
today that's what I did for a while then
I felt bad about myself I was like I
have to do something like I can't just
say no I'm sorry I can't help you I've
got to do something so it's like okay so
we're gonna start training people and
like can I teach people to help other
people that's where our coaching program
was born because I don't think that
streaming is enough like I know that AoE
healing is awesome
and I believe that people get healed but
it's not enough right we got to do
something about it and so this is where
our coaching program is born this is why
we have a discord this is why we have a
community I found out recently this is
amazing so I didn't do any of this or
mods on discord they deserve a lot of
props too so there's like a cleaning
hour where people log on to our discord
and they cleaned together for an hour we
talked about our emotions we talked
about our feelings we talked about all
this kind of stuff there's a coding
workshop there's a book club because
here's the thing the world is not gonna
help us right we've learned that like
it's not gonna help us like the world is
not filled with people like Anita if the
world was filled with people I can
either you guys one need to do [ __ ]
because you could sit around and do give
life the 10% that you give it right now
and Anita will step in and give you guys
90% and y'all will be fine but the truth
is that they're not going to give you
90% I can't give you 90% I can give you
20% I can give you 30% it's not fair
it's fair it's not fair that it's 50/50
it's sad but we're gonna do it and
you've got to do it too so you've got to
step up you've got to take the time to
get help right so that's why we're doing
the coaching program and we have way
more people that want to be coached then
we have capacity right now so we're
gonna train more people we've we've had
thousands of people who want coaching
and not all of them can pay so we're
gonna try to make it affordable and
that's why we're doing the stream
because some of y'all are broke which is
fine and we don't want to be an
organization that turns people away due
to a new probably will because we'd go
under in a moment but you know what
that's why we're trying to do stuff like
this that you know I try to I mean our
retreat in 2019 was free I don't know
that we can do that again because the
retreat may be way bigger this time I
don't know when we're gonna do a retreat
but it's one of our stretch goals I have
you want to do when my whole [ __ ]
team is like you can't do this dr. K you
can't open your doors to the internet
because you don't know who's gonna show
up but there's a part of me the troll
inside of me is like yes you can yes you
can you can do something absolutely
crazy because that's what streaming on
Twitch is all of my colleagues who are
psychiatrist said oh you can't do this
you're gonna get sued so I hired some
very expensive lawyers and they wrote me
a lot of disclaimers and then we'll see
so that's what we're doing it's mental
health awareness month so become aware
of your mental health show up here we're
gonna be doing some fun stuff we're
gonna be doing some educational stuff
probably a balance of both right so
we're gonna do a lot of fun stuff and we
make maybe you guys will get learnt
learn something maybe you guys will be
healed in some way and you know that's
the goal and then if you guys really
want to yeah join in and all of your
donations and subscriptions and stuff
really help I I'm by the way I actually
should just express my gratitude there
because people like Anita and Lilly
Pichu and all of you guys who've been to
donating and supporting us I just want
to say like a genuine thank you because
I was funding this [ __ ] out of my pocket
now like I can start contributing to my
retirement and my kids college funds and
things like that so thank you guys very
much because it's great because now I
don't it's so awesome to not have to
worry about paying my bills at the end
of the month because I'm streaming
instead of seeing patients and I'm
really really grateful for that and I
want to do more but I realized also that
like I can't do it alone right I can't
fund everything by myself so that's why
I'm just eternally grateful for like
every little bit that you guys give I
know it doesn't seem like a lot but no
snowflake believes it's responsible for
the Avalanche but we're all a bunch of
[ __ ] special snowflakes right so
let's make a [ __ ] Avalanche and live
like let's make a difference let's
support each other let's help each other
out and let's try to make the world a
slightly better place
and let's game while we're doing it
okay so I love you guys
avalanche PAH grab solutely you guys get
that AOA Healing is an avalanche right
one snowflake is not AoE an avalanche is
AoE snowflakes its AoE that's what's so
great about it all right okay so we're
gonna raid let's raid
so I think
okay so you guys want to raid we're
gonna do an exercise stream or hold on
one second
the wife hello yeah okay all right all
right
exercise stream what do you guys think
yeah let's let's write Anita right so
let's send Anita some love because she
you know and then yeah so what we're
gonna do is so I've been told
can I let you guys guys in on a little a
secret so sometimes apparently when I
ask for money then what happens
immediately is I raid someone else and
so I've been told for my team that when
I am when I'm asking for money I should
give you guys time to donate before I
sent you got so laying on the street
oh I'm so bad at this oh god I need so
much Boober Boober boomer okay so this
is what I'll ask give you guys if y'all
are gonna subscribe or donate or
whatever like please go ahead and do
that and then let's rate Anita because
we right now have almost 10,000 viewers
and she has only 1,500 so let's blow the
[ __ ] up out of her stream and send her
some positivity and and send her some
AoE healing and like break like not give
her [ __ ] psyche a chance to recognize
we're just gonna send her such a
gigantic mother lode of avalanche
snowflake love affection and value that
we don't want her fragile psyche which
believes that she doesn't have value to
be able to withstand it right let's just
crit heal the [ __ ] out of Anita and just
crit heal it and crit heal it and fit
heal it doesn't matter how
just just [ __ ] heel and and send her
some love and hopefully you guys learn
something from it and you guys are still
subscribing so I'm confused
cuz I can trade ok subscribe next time
my people are gonna crucify me but you
guys don't subscribe we're gonna we're
gonna end it or donate or whatever in
five seconds it'll be too late and we're
gonna lose out on money but who the [ __ ]
cares because right now there are a lot
of people and y'all are positive so
let's go do something with it instead of
milking you for money go send people
send love do it be a good person and
clean your room and exercise and like
reflect about yourself and recognize
that you do have value don't [ __ ]
lose that right send her some love
because oh yeah you guys see us are
doing the same [ __ ] thing where she's
like yeah I can see that other people
have value but I don't have value myself
you don't do it yourself don't just get
away with sending her love without
sending some back this way right self
love self love phone folks okay we're
we're we're out we're gonna raid so if
you guys didn't subscribe or donate or
whatever no big deal
we'll be streaming on Wednesday and
thank you guys very much fit heal Anita
crit heal the [ __ ] out of her thank you
guys very much
you